Mb ai notebooks img seg tuto (#4500)
ovh/docs: pages/platform/ai/notebook_tuto_12_image-segmentation-unet-tumors/guide.en-gb.md

Among these methods, one is called **image segmentation**. 

The purpose of this tutorial is to show you how it is possible to build and train a brain tumor segmentation model with **OVHcloud AI Notebooks**. You will be able to learn the concepts of medical imaging, image segmentation, model evaluation, and much more. We will use a popular convolutional neural network named **U-Net**.

At the end of this tutorial, you will have learnt the principal methods to **segment brain tumors**.

![image](images/mri_orig_pred_segmentation.gif){.thumbnail}

> [!primary]
>
> We will train this model on the *[BraTS2020 dataset](http://braintumorsegmentation.org/)*. We will show you how you can easily download the dataset in the notebook tutorial.
>

## Requirements

- Access to the [OVHcloud Control Panel](https://www.ovh.com/auth/?action=gotomanager&from=https://www.ovh.co.uk/&ovhSubsidiary=GB)
- An AI Notebooks project created inside a [Public Cloud project](https://www.ovhcloud.com/en-gb/public-cloud/) in your OVHcloud account
- A user for AI Notebooks

> 

Reviewer: I would have probably added:
`- a Kaggle account`

If you want to launch your notebook with the OVHcloud AI CLI, choose the `jupyterlab` editor and the `tensorflow` framework.

To access the different versions of `tensorflow` available, run the following command:

```console
ovhai capabilities framework list -o yaml
```

> [!primary]
>
> If you do not specify a version, your notebook starts with the default version of `tensorflow`.
>

You will also need to choose the number of CPUs/GPUs (`<nb-cpus>` or `<nb-gpus>`) to use in your notebook. 

> [!primary]
>
> Here we recommend using `1 GPU`.
>

To launch your notebook, run the following command: 

```console
ovhai notebook run tensorflow jupyterlab \
		--name <notebook-name> \
		--framework-version <tensorflow-version> \
  	    --gpu <nb-gpus>
```

You can then reach your notebook’s URL once the notebook is running.

### Accessing the notebooks

Once our [AI examples repository](https://github.com/ovh/ai-training-examples/) has been cloned in your environment, find your notebook by following this path: `ai-training-examples` > `notebooks` > `computer-vision` > `image-segmentation` > `tensorflow` > `brain-tumor-segmentation-unet` > `notebook_image_segmentation_unet.ipynb`.

> A preview of this notebook can be found on GitHub [here](####PUT LINK ONCE AVAILABLE####).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A preview of this notebook can be found on GitHub [here](https://github.com/ovh/ai-training-examples/blob/main/notebooks/computer-vision/image-segmentation/tensorflow/brain-tumor-segmentation-unet/notebook_image_segmentation_unet.ipynb).
```

> ## Go further

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Go further

```
